hi everybody this is Alan Leander
speaking to you from Utah Point vintage
guitars in mind tell Germany and today
we have 1967 Gibson Barney Kessel in
cherry sunburst well this is you know
not your average jazz guitar the way
it's billed it is like a it's a full
hollow body it has a neck that resembles
it's probably pretty much the same neck
that is on a Johnny Smith but the whole
setting of the guitar is a double
cutaway guitar and the accessibility in
the higher frets is much better than on
your average jazz guitar where the neck
is much further you know they went that
way into the guitar so so it's they
probably really wanted to improve the
idea of you know how you build a jazz
guitar but it never really caught on the
guitar never got really popular because
it's well it's it just differs from your
average look of a jazz guitar I think
even Barney Kessel didn't like it too
much but I like it
because
is a very good guitar four styles in
between you know it's a full jazz guitar
it's a you know you sit comfortably with
it it's has flat wound strings but you
play really mellow jazz stuff but it is
also a good funky tar and you can even
use it I think it's probably behind
certain loudness circumstances it
doesn't work anymore but
not too loud it's a pretty good rock
guitar so I think it deserves to be
rediscovered that's the 1967 Gibson
Barney Kessel jazz guitar and it's only
under speaking to you from the top point
vintage guitars and Montell Germany
bye-bye
you